My view's changed for the military and a couple of ways. The first way
is, that I understand the different roles of the military now. Before,
I just thought we were just one big group, you go fight a war and
I didn't know who did what but now, I see where we stand globally
as far as, like, what branches do what service. Aircraft people, they
stay pretty much on United States soil and then they send huge ships
to do logistics. Marines, they're the ones who keep in really good
shape so that they can go and get that first push when we start the
war, when we start a battle. We have the Army people who like, provide
support to the Marines and they fight themselves too, you know,
but they're the ones like, shooting guns and stuff. So, like, you start
to learn all of these things and later on, as a supervisor, you
get more information about why we are doing things. So, for instance,
why we're fighting in Iraq, why we are sending these planes over
there and how the aircraft carrier can support them as opposed to like,
when you're, you know, fresh on this ship, like, I don't know, I'm
just here on this boat. I'm supposed to fix that pump, that's all
I know. So, you get more knowledgeable about things the longer you've
been in.